Kill Six Billion Demons » KILL SIX BILLION DEMONS – Chapter 1
KILL SIX BILLION DEMONS – Chapter 1
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 1-1
KSBD 1-1
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 1-2
KSBD 1-2
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 1-3
KSBD 1-3
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 1-4
KSBD 1-4
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 1-5
KSBD 1-5
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 1-6
KSBD 1-6
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD1-7
KSBD1-7
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 1-8
KSBD 1-8
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 1-9
KSBD 1-9
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 1-10
KSBD 1-10
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 1-11
KSBD 1-11
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 1-12
KSBD 1-12
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 1-13
KSBD 1-13
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 1-14
KSBD 1-14
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 1-15
KSBD 1-15
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 1-16
KSBD 1-16
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 2-17
KSBD 2-17
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 2-18
KSBD 2-18
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 2-19
KSBD 2-19
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 2-20
KSBD 2-20
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 2- 21 (THRONE)
KSBD 2- 21 (THRONE)
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 2-22
I swear there will be colors on this page at some point
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 2-23
KSBD 2-23
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 2-24
KSBD 2-24
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 2-25
KSBD 2-25
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 2-26
KSBD 2-26
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 2-27
KSBD 2-27
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 2-28 to 2-29 (CITY OF GOD)
O infinite mirth, O decay, O howling at the emptiness
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 2-29.5
An illusion of space - fractal stars, the glorious fire of the death of the cosmos. Five hundred thousand meta-saints raise their gleaming spears in salute. Reach heaven through violence.
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 2-30
KSBD 2-30
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 2-31
KSBD 2-31
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 2-32
KSBD 2-32
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 2-33
KSBD 2-33
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 2-34
KSBD 2-34
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 2-35
KSBD 2-35
Kill Six Billion Demons » Prim Leaves Her Father’s House
Song of Maybe 4:15
Kill Six Billion Demons » Chapter 3
I'm not sure if this will actually happen. Maybe it will. Birds.
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 3-36
A true king of men is not always just. Or a man.
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 3-37
pretty, pretty birds, in dark rivulets, flowing out the girl's mouth, crawling, their wings wet and silky, cough, color of old blood
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 3-38
Yon hoverly mouse thee, wordens appear aboutswise thinken tha?
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 3-39
shivering in the trees, old, cold and alone, dusk wraps the cold, the wood walls warp, the birds clack their beaks hungrily, hungrily
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 3-40
Allison's best day ever!
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 3-41
The conquering king must come with violence in his self of selves.
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 3-42
And he makes a mean breakfast
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 3-43
Seek sovereignty from the laws of man and God. Shatter the gates of heaven and build your fortress with their ruins.
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 3-44
A man's tongue has the power to split worlds - Proverb
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 3-45
Remember their faces. Remember their names. Pray to them often, and give to the flames.
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 3-46 (MAGUS GATE/KING’S DOOR)
A great warrior kills with his weapon, a greater still his hands, a greater still his tongue, a greater still a glance, yet the greatest have no need for killing at all.
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 3-47
Reach heaven by violence
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 3-48
Jagganoth. Jadis. Mammon. Mottom. Gog-Agog. Solomon. Incubus.
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 3-49
Look not to the soldiers, but to the makers of industry, for the coin is far more blood soaked than the sword could ever hope to be
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 3-50
As the meek will inherit the earth, the petty and covetous will inherit everything else, and then fight about it for nine thousand years
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 3-51
Murder the Gods and Topple Their Thrones
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 3-52
The exalted order of Gun Witches was founded in R.E. 3440 and is the fourth order of witches after the Blade witches. Needless to say, it is by far the most feared.
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 3-53 to 3-54
There is only one true path to kingship, and that is regicide.
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 4-55 to 4-56 (CHAPTER 4)
"We are all maggots of the divine corpse" - Saying of the Belligerant Knights
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 4-57
In some universes the battle tank was created - an armored shell protecting a core of weak flesh and razor sharp reason. In many ways, an angel is perhaps similar, a fired stone or metal shell protecting a controlled nuclear explosion skilled in millenia old martial arts.

Perhaps.
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 4-58
Kill six billion demons - fine purveyor of Angel ass shots
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 4-59
Feast! Maggots of the Divine Corpse!
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 4-60
Giving new meaning to the phrase 'body boarding'
Kill Six Billion Demons » KBSD 4-61
The greatest Art is lying to the face of God.
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 4-62
It's no sword in the stone. But it's a start.
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 4-63
I'm rapidly losing track of who's still alive
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 4-64
お前はもう死んでいる
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 4-65
A splitting, a beginning. A horizon? Dark birds pour in cold rivulets there, shuddering, shuddering.
Kill Six Billion Demons » KBSD 4-66
If you pronounce ciocie cioelle in a particular way, a magical name will appear
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 4-67
Just wait until page 6-66
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 4-68
I was going to title this page 'Let it go' but Disney has ruined that phrase forever. Thanks Disney. You are now picturing the KSBD version of that song. Manually.
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 4-69
The song of Maybe is continuously listened to, sung and written by its keepers and has undergone only minor changes in the last few Kalpas.
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 4-70
Regicide the only answer, she unsheathed her awful sword and strode forth
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 4-71
The last argument of kings
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 4-72
Her Divinity, Mother Om, or Mottom.
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 4-73 to 4-74 (Concordance of the Demiurges)
Dieu et mon droit
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 4-75
Deity's for dinner
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 4-76
"Consider: there is no such thing as a sword." - Meti's Sword Manual
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 4-77
"Consider: an undefeated swordsman must be exceptionally poor." - Meti's sword manual
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 4-78
I think you already know what the next page is going to say.
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 4-79
Don't wear it out
Kill Six Billion Demons » KBSD 4-80
KBSD 4-80
Kill Six Billion Demons » Aesma and the Three Masters
Weeping Aesma, also known as Ashma, rules ambition, greed, and self-sufficiency
Kill Six Billion Demons » Aesma and the Three Masters: Part 2
It was said that Aesma never learned a lesson, which was true until she lost her sight from viewing the universe. Then she had learned one.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Aesma and the Three Masters, Part 3 and 4
Reach heaven through violence
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 5-81
Endings and beginnings
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 5-82
A change of pace
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 5-83
https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=1_BtlAw4trg#t=58
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 5-84
I didn't intend Allison's housemates to get as silly multi-ethnic as they are, but I REALLY wanted to get that bindi bit in there.
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 5-85
Little birds tell many lies.
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 5-86
The star-browed and sun-crowned, the moon-riders, the wielders of lightning
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 5-87
To be fair, pretty much everyone was a dick
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 5-88 to 5-89
O breaker of infinities, oh ecstatic blade of want
Kill Six Billion Demons » KSBD 5-90 to 5-91 (SUMMONING)
Thanks for reading!
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names – Cover
Who could that handsome devil be?
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names – 1-1
There's a parable here about light and cave walls I would fondly recount to you if I had drunk more
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 1-2
Many readers have been incredibly confused about just who the hell servants are. The answer is right there. Look at them, being all smug.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 1-3
I resisted the urge to draw Michael with a boss cop mustache. 
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 1-4
I enjoy that we're far enough in the comic to do a recap page.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 1-5
I realized about two days after I wrote this that Michael is quoting Martyr Logarius. It kind of fits though.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 1-6
82 has a hell of a time finding product for their natural hair
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 1-7
There'll be alt text here I swear, I'm dealing with some personal issues.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 1-8
The bird theme of this comic intensifies
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 1-9
The watcher's name is 10 Vigilant Gaze Purges the Horizon. Though among the most powerful angels, he is well known to his kin for being mild-mannered and extremely long winded. He has far too much free time.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 1-10
Woe be he that mistakes the rider for the steed
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 1-11
Thulsa Drulle was considered a bit of an odd case by his students for his archaic spelling and unhealthy number of cats.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 1-12
Homecoming
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 1-13
War Devils are for this reason among the most numerous and exist in diminished form throughout throne as demi-imps
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 1-14
I realized I gave Allison every Japanese high school girl's haircut when making this page. Seriously.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 1-15
Plans and machinations
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 1-16
The ley-stone is a pale replica of a true key. Like the key itself it serves as a tuning fork to merge the wielder's will with that of God, but on a far weaker level.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 1-17
Spin Wheel and Laugh at God
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 1-18
Vladok, Grandfather of Dhuutholmel
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 2-19
A common saying in Throne is 'Waking the Angel' - meaning tempting ruin, destruction, or desolation
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 2-20
It would surprise you to learn that the slayer of the Breaker of Divinities is, in fact, a Royalist himself.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 2-21
Bentley: What is it, Major Lawrence, that attracts you personally to the desert?
Lawrence: It's clean.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 2-22
The circle. Pure. Infertile.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 2-23
Executioner
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 2-24 (Incarnate)
"If God did not exist, it would be necessary to invent him." - Voltaire
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 2-25 (Challenger)
Allison's adventures in escalation
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 2-26
You can fit this to any tune you like
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 2-27
Devil weddings are, predictably, terribly noisy affairs
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 2-28
He got a new coat!
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 2-29
More (actual) returning characters!
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 2-30
In which Allison lays down some hard truths
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 2-31
There's a reason we haven't seen any Unbound Devils in the comic yet
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 2-32
Out in the reaches, where the crawling things burrow deep in the flesh of the world
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 2-33
The Virtue of Ignorance
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 2-34
Yes, her full name is in fact now Princess Mamoru Moonshine Jagermeister Jack Jack Daniels Timothy Tim Bill Freddy Mercury Blueberry Luna, Esquire
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 2-35
Reach Heaven Through Violence
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 2-36
She was waiting to bust that one out
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 2-37
http://tinyurl.com/gonlhr5
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 2-38 (PURSUERS)
O, tumultuous heaven, O unfavorable stars
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 3-39
WARK
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 3-40 (CREATION)
From left to right: Un-Janta, Un-Sivran, Un-Hansa, UN, YIS, Ys-Prim, Ys-Het, Ys-Aesma
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 3-41
Wielder of Names 3-41
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 3-42 to 3-44
Dreams and Nightmares
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 3-45 to 3-46 (Mykos)
Mottom is an appellation of 'Mother Om', Nadia Om being the wife of the late God-King HASTET-OM
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder Of Names 3-47
#justheirtothecosmosthings
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 3-48
Every heir must be forged in the fires of solitude
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 3-49
Glut on the flesh of the universe
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 3-50
Hunger
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 3-51
Nyave's name pronounced in English is Nee-Ave (ryhmes with bathe)
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 3-52
"The girls? Nobody knows what she does with 'em. Has 'em scrub the floors most likely. The rotten, thrice-cursed vampire must have miles of 'em in her estate. Whatever she chooses to do, s' gotta be better than lying around in this blasted mud pit. Eh?

Yes, they took me daughter. Now sod off."
-Unknown
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 3-53
In a bizarre, fractal spiral, I actually used the generator to get inspirations for these names. TIME, AN ENDLESS WHEEL! IA! IAAA!
Kill Six Billion Demons » WON 3-54
YS ATUN VARANMA PRESH
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 3-55
Final bird battle
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 3-56
Cast down those who insult the Wheel with their heresy, and break them upon it. Let them know its terrible weight.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 3-57
A Promise of Glory
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 3-58
If you spend most of your time meditating on infinite blackness in an endless expanse of ash, you would probably get a little judgmental as well
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 3-59
Fissures
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 4-60 (Palace of Radiance)
The key to nobility is a spectacular hat
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 4-61
Cruelty, in all it's various forms, is no better gilded than rusty and sharp
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 4-62
Supplication
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 4-63 (Glory)
A familiar hat more like it
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 4-64
Pryan Sor is probably the coolest character design I've made that will only last two pages
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 4-65
Wielder of Names 4-65
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 4-66
The Divine Right of Kings
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 4-67
This is probably a 'twice a day before breakfast' kind of thing for her
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 4-68
"Take care when ye show your true face to power ye are prepared to stare down a monstrous visage indeed."
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 4-69
The Heir of Flame
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 4-70
Tap. Tap. Tap.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 4-71
All demon-slayers must have a start
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 4-72
In the Belly of the Beast
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 4-73
A nice change of face
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 4-74
It would maybe not surprise you to learn that a lot of KSBD was written to Swedish extreme technical death metal.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 4-75
You could probably make a pretty good meme out of the last panel there
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 4-76
Cold iron is no use to me. Good, now heat it. Take the pain you feel and make it sharp.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 4-77
The eldest oak catches the lightning first
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 4-78
Those devil handmaids were waiting outside that room FOREVER. This is all they get to do and they are SUPER STOKED to walk into the room and serve fruit.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 4-79
Allison's adventure is an exercise in bad decision making
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 4-80
You have no idea the number of times Mottom shouts this in the course of a day
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 5-81
I think the final panel on this page was one of my favorite to draw in a while. I am way too into drawing that motorbike for obvious reasons.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 5-82
O awful Rider of the night/ who shall not stray when led by day/ He that striketh down each man/ or beast or God that bars his way
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 5-83
Things are not holding up well for background characters in this comic
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 5-84
"If a man's life were measured in tea it would be a precious thing indeed." - Vym Yrttr, priest of YISUN
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 5-85
Fires of Truth
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 5-86 (Ball)
Community challenge - come up with elaborate backstories for all the characters in this image
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 5-87
"Hastet Om. A man who picks his wives as though selecting beautiful flowers from a field. And he rips their petals off just as fast." - Au Vam
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 5-88
God of Light
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 5-89
Final Libations
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 5-90
The halls are dead now, their kings ground into dust. It is the table salt of their new mistress.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 5-91
Grip of Fear
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 5-92 (Tree of Woe)
Wielder of Names 5-92 (Tree of Woe)
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 5-93
The ultimate tribute
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 5-94
I think Allison's going a little further than most people to get some self-realization here
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 5-95
Allison finds her inner fire
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 5-96
1/6,000,000,000
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 5-97
Allison's going to regret saying that
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 5-98
Mathangi ten Meti, Murder the Gods and Topple Their Thrones
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 5-99
Hall of Death
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 5-100
The 100th page of Wielder of Names!
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 5-101
Colosseum
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 5-102
OOOOH YEAHHHHHHH
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 6-103 to 6-104 (War of the Teacups)
Ballroom Blitz
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 6-105
Spin the Wheel
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 6-106
There's a reason everyone is afraid of Thorn Knights
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 6-107
Don't ever let an angel cry without a fire extinguisher on hand
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 6-108
In an ironic twist, Juggernaut Star is owned by a crate of teacups
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 6-109
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALbVEmzY5S4
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 6-110
She's probably going to fight with that hairpin too
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 6-111
The sanctioned action is to Cut
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 6-112
Crazy Blade - Meti's Infinite Edge (Part 1)
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 6-113
The time soon nears when I can finally stop drawing banisters. On that day, I will weep with joy.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 6-114
Glory
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 6-115
Mercy's certainly not in her vocabulary
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 6-116
Tha flaxen-brained soggy fop-moppin!
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 6-117
The Yamga
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 6-118
Last minute
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 6-119
Crown
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 6-120
The second to last page in the book!
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 6-121
Wielder of Names 6-121
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 6-122
"It's said getting out of bed is good for your health, but on the contrary I would argue I am hardly in danger of getting robbed, shot, or dropped off a building here, so here I shall stay, thank you very much." - Arlimgan, guild scion
Kill Six Billion Demons » Wielder of Names 6-123
It's a nice number to end on, coincidentally.
Kill Six Billion Demons » SEEKER OF THRONES
Scaled God of the Deep
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 1-1
The captain of the Yamga was quite fine from the fall, as it turned out. He retired at age 40 due to the massive insurance policy he had taken out on his ship, then found out a week later that his creditors had fled the Red City and were now living hedonistic lifestyles as warlord accountants on one of the pleasure worlds of the Golden Army. So it goes.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 1-2
A quite hardcore haircutting technique, but not as hardcore as one that may come up later in the comic
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 1-3
Never has Allison been so threatened by a carrot
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 1-4
I was trying so hard to not break out into Jojo's Bizarre Adventure posing here
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 1-5
The Silent Brothers were good tutors - however Nyave had to first go through the terrible inconvenience of learning their secret sign language, which made the whole thing a bit of a hassle.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 1-6
Nyave got changed remarkably fast, but then again she was trained as a handmaiden
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 1-7
I've got so much more coming, don't worry
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 2-8
A true devil at play is a horrible thing to watch indeed
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 2-9
I am truly sorry for over indulging in backstory on this page
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 2-10
Solomon's smugness did not wear off with time
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 2-11
The angels do not take threats to the Red City lightly, almost certainly part of why the Demiurges consider it neutral ground.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 2-12
The Rising King
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 2-13
Closer and closer
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 2-14
I call this arc the 'shipping' arc
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 2-15
They're getting off the boat soon guys don't worry
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 2-16
Allison knows how to accessorize for impossible heist missions
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 3-17
Someday I will make all these signs translatable
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 3-18
You fool, you child, you'll never save the world
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 3-19
Meti: recommending children play with rusty blades since 33 S.C.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 3-20
If you thought I'd get rid of a character who's literally a skeleton riding a motorcycle you'd be dead wrong
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 3-21
Fun fact: this was influenced partly by Juggernaut's original design
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 3-22
Just a bunch of rowdy fight boys and girls, looking for a good punch up
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 4-23
Suddenly, Incubus
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 4-24
I will fully admit I had way too much fun drawing this page
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 4-25
He probably dresses up like this three or four times a week minimum even when not in someone's dream
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 4-26
I had to sneak this costume switch in somewhere in the comic
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 4-27
"A beggar king, king of the pit, he skulked out of his hypogean lair and pocketed the world one night. He then proceeded to use it as his plaything, for none could reach him, so far down was his domain."
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 4-28 (King of the Pit)
Meetings
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 4-29
Unholy Compact
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 4-30
There is no honor among demons, only daggers
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 4-31
As always, Allison is known for her prestigious title as the eternal president of the Bad Decision Club
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 5-32 to 5-33
"And there they say, and wondered a while at the fiery images splayed out against the night sky, an open obscenity to the void."
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 5-34
My goal as the comic goes on is to stick Cio into successively more ridiculous outfits
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 5-35
Imagine a cool guitar riff at the end panel there and you've got the right idea
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 5-36
The merchant at the beginning of this offering is speaking the language IXXIIKKIKXIKKK which is very hard if you don't have the necessary mandibles
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 5-37
If you know this place well you can probably smell it. I've been here.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 5-38
Let the descent begin
Kill Six Billion Demons » DEVIL CONTEST
bird contest? bird contest. i will win. i am the best at birds. birds
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 5-39
Badstar
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 5-40
Badstar is not very subtle, as you've probably gathered
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 5-41
The Very Wise Frog was a bit of a dick, to be honest
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 5-42 (Xe Tao Alley)
If you must visit Xe Tao, don't try the food
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 5-43 to 5-44 (ASHTON)
Behemoth
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 5-45
Mogrin's companion has no name and never speaks. There is a lot of speculation in Throne's underworld that the strange pale woman is either Mogrin's pet or her jailer.. What's abundantly clear is it's a bad idea to try and open the door to the White-Eyed Woman without being excessively polite to the both of them.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 5-46
Descent
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 5-47
Heretic's Court
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 5-48
The first two arch-devils here are Bethanderian (crab-like creature) and Astarion (four winged devil). They are not part of the inner court of seven, but the outer court of thirteen. Yawmga (the meditating man) and Loabarrisleb (the many eyed one) are part of the inner court and far more powerful.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 5-49
Anti-clockwise from top left we have Yawmga, Carnifex, Thrax, Loabarrisleb, Gloam, Izzicob, and Moab
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 5-50
Myra, also known as the stinking goddess, is the patron goddess of the poor. Though finely dressed, the hem of her long veil is perpetually stained with the mud and filth of her surroundings. She famously broke UN-Ogam's nose when he tried to carry her off and wed her by headbutting him in the face.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 5-51
She's going to have a hell of a headache later
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 5-52
The furniture is a bit of a formality, but the king of all devils loves formalities (such as his imprisonment) so it's a moot point.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 5-53
Never listen to the Devil at a crossroads
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 5-54
As far as wagers go, it's among the more lenient that Himself has made
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 5-55
Betrayal
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 6-56
This ditty has no particular tune, but you can probably imagine how it goes
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 6-57
Cat Master is widely feared in the Shades, his reputation has spread enough that many people avoid cats out of habit.

Xand once painted a fake door so convincing that it fooled you, the reader, into thinking what she's guarding there with her brother in the first panel is real.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 6-58
On to the final winner of the devil contest, the start of our heist, and a great number of monsters
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 6-59
Return of the Thief Queen
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 6-60
The final part of the Tales of the Silver Prince will be up next!
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 6-61
The beginning of the heist!
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 6-62
It's not entirely true that Yre has never been breached by anyone who survived the attempt, only it's Grand Vault. There is simply so much of it that all sorts of vermin can slip in through the cracks. Only those that seek deeper treasures will face the Dragon.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 6-63
YRE is known well in some circles for being the only bank where the gold will quite literally kill you
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 6-64
Little known fact: Mammon's interior designer was the infamous warlock Gari Gy'Gax
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 6-65
ONCE UNSHEATHED, IT MUST TASTE BLOOD
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 6-66
In retrospect I really should have timed page 6-66 to line up with something far more metal than an interlude with tea
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 6-67
The number of character designs I have drawn that show up for a single page is getting kind of silly 
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 6-68
Subtlety is not a mimic's forte
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 6-69
Soon I will be drawing far less characters in these scenes, I assure you.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 6-70
"Beware the fire of the star-bearers. It is too terrible to touch."
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 6-71
You can put your own sound effects in the bottom panels there. I guarantee they will be appropriate.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 6-72
"The feeding frenzy of my starving soul, gnawing voraciously at the bones,

the exo-skeletal patchwork, protecting my own reflection within;

The twin and same engaged in the mirror act of chewing away

at the shell of my attacking self. The paradox unseen."

-Meshuggah, Catch 33
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 6-73 (THE DOOR)
The priests of the Count are not exactly subtle in their interior design
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 7-74
Cleaning the labyrinth is a real pain for the Priest of the Count, because getting all the corners is, in some cases, literally impossible
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 7-75
F E E D  M E  A  S T R A Y  C A T
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 7-76
Oscar's tailor gets a lot of work
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 7-77
F
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 7-78
There's a long way to go
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 7-79
Among other angelic martial arts: Demon Flips the Cart, Pattram Sword Hand, Falling Snow, and Head of John. The last one relies almost entirely on headbutts.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 7-80
The poor petal knight being beat up here is 33 Judicious Rains Sear the Unrepentant. I thought I might mention that here just in case, you know, something bad happens to her/them/it
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 7-81
Even the hottest rage can be quenched by cold remorse
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 7-82
Her journey is far from over
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 7-83
This is where it gets weird
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 7-84
The Once and Future King
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 7-85
When you're a thousands-of-years-old demigod, you tend to come up with elaborate ways to amuse yourself
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 7-86
Xand and Nxor are well known for their exploits in Throne's underworld, including painting a full body portrait of a merchant baron's wife so convincing that the baron didn't realize his real wife had left him for several months.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 7-87
Everything has a price
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 8-88
Mammon's really heavily into the whole 'murdered my family' decor
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 8-89
Not even the dragon knows how the Prison of Air was built, and its final architect was burned alive in molten gold
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 8-90
How much more convoluted can this get, I wonder?
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 8-91
Let the culling begin
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 8-92
000001
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 8-93 (PRIESTS OF THE COUNT!)
The Martyrs will die well
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 8-94 to 8-95 (MURDER MAZE)
The Shield of the Dragon
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 8-96
Princess Jack Moonshine
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 8-97
The Martyrs have died well
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 8-98
The high caste are born and die in the vault, they shall never feel the sun upon their face. They often wail and torment their own flesh in sorrow for the Dragon. They are holy creatures indeed.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 8-99
Tension
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 8-100
"A horrendous sound was heard in the Deep, like a ringing of a great and discordant bell.
'It is one of the Devils of the Old World,' said the Boar King, 'Breaking free from its prison of stone.
Enyis, we should hide now.'"
- Enyis and the Boar King
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 9-101
The Final Path
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 9-102
There's only one character on this page.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 9-103
"‘Lord, then which should I be, the giant or the ant?’ [said Hansa]'

‘Both,’ spoke YISUN,’ or either, when it suits you. Destroy the grand enemy called ‘I’."

- Psalms
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 9-104
Divinity
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 9-105
Refuge
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 9-106
IA! IA!
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 9-107
It was at that exact moment that Allison realized that a normal girl from LA may not, in fact, be able to slay a dragon.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 9-108 (MAMMON)
IÄ!
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 9-109
Seeker of Thrones 9-109
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 9-110
It was then that Allison realized a normal girl from L.A. really, REALLY couldn't slay a dragon
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 9-111
Retribution
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 9-112
There's really nothing more to say
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 9-113
Yabalchoath
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 9-114
Finally I can stop drawing that stupid backpack
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 9-115
Revival
Kill Six Billion Demons » KILL SIX BILLION DEMONS 9-116
Don't hold your breath
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 9-117
It turns out humans really do need their blood after all
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 9-118
The high priestess usually skips most of this incantation for obvious reasons.
Kill Six Billion Demons » SEEKER OF THRONES 9-119
"The vault of Ynamon was built to contain everything its lord wished close to him. Now its only purpose seems to be to keep everyone and everything away from him." - Payapop Pritram
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 9-120
Mottom is not a very subtle queen
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 9-121
Even the Gods Must Die
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 10-122
Call to Destruction
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 10-123
"As for my enemies/
Let searing torrents of fire rain down upon their brows/
Let flames immolate their places of sleeping"
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 10-124
Maybe if the paper pusher pushed her god to a couple of meetings once in a while we wouldn't be in this predicament
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 10-125
"It is common in parts of the Rim Worlds for wives to throw themselves upon the pyres of their husbands. They do this with complete obedience and nary a sound. One shudders to think of the terrible custom."
-Payapop Pritram
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 10-126
Annihilation of the Heretics
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 10-127
WITH GOD AS MY WITNESS THAT MAN WAS BROKEN IN HALF
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 10-128
"I have made some feeble attempts at compiling a dictionary of the Black Speech but I found myself incapable of cataloguing the numerous contortions through which the beautiful and ancient Astral language is dragged through by the devil tongue without dropping my pen from extreme distaste."
- Payapop Pritram
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 10-129
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EAwWPadFsOA
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 130-133 (SIEGE OF YRE)
"Lord of the Under-Earth,
God of the Crossroads,
Ah-shas shebu nur,
As it is for Sivran, whose wheels are spoked with fire,
Make it so for me,
May the bones of my enemies lie forgotten in the wastes,
May their shades be banished to the edge of the world,
May carnivorous dogs consume their entrails,
The lord of the Bright House shall not enable them to rise again."
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 10-134
Saviors
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 10-135
Eventually this comic will just degenerate into a bunch of panels of Cio making faces
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 10-136
A 'Devil's Walkabout' is a common moniker in Throne for a plan or scheme that will probably irrevocably end in disaster.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 10-137
Prime Evil
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 10-138
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40nhzsapiWo
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 10-139
https://youtu.be/znxFrgql5dc?t=19
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 10-140
This is not her first rodeo
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 10-141
Finale
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 10-142
He's had worse, believe me
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 10-143
The price of the Grand Dragon guilder was never the same
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 10-144
Conflagration
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 11-145
...
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 11-146
Things are, very generally speaking, a hot mess
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 11-147
Victory for all feline sympathizers
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 11-148
"Hell hath no fury like a devil scorned. Except Hell 80, there's a lad there that will rip apart anyone you send him after for half a guilder. Right nutter, he is." - Little Finger Yao, Spire Ganger
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 11-149
White Chain's clothes here might look familiar to you if you look back in this chapter
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 11-150
The First Division: Division of Self
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 11-151
The border between the Shade and Sunside of Throne is stuck in eternal twilight, a sort of perpetual dusk.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 11-152
Fate
Kill Six Billion Demons » Seeker of Thrones 11-153
Resplendent incadescence
Kill Six Billion Demons » Book 4: KING OF SWORDS
We're reaching dangerous levels of smug already, and it's not even the first page of the book
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 1-1
Deus Pater
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 1-2
King of Swords 1-2
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 1-3
Immortality
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 1-4
Shadow
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 1-5
God Emperor
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 1-6
Aesma once stole Medam's staff to use as a toothpick, then complained when it was too heavy and promptly returned it. She still dragged it out the hall of law, leaving a great furrow across the land so wide a minor god of justice fell in on the way back from a nap in the garden and was never seen again.
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 1-7
Colosseum
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 1-8
The Celestial Legions - among the most formidable and certainly the most cosmopolitan of fighting forces ever assembled.
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 1-9
The God of Frozen Form
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 1-10
Burden
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 2-11
The Skull of YS-Bey, the Garden God
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 2-12
"The unseemly moniker 'tunnel ape' is applied liberally to humans by the uncouth ruffians of many species in the Red City. None can be sure of its origin, only its ubiquity." - Payapop Pritram
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 2-13
Purpose
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 2-14
Return
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 2-15 (HOLE)
It's about to get rowdy
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 2-16
Training
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 2-17
Brawl
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 2-18
The manual was written by the famous martial artist Musko Reeve, said to be master of almost every single style
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 2-19
Allison definitely has a few unearned advantages here
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 2-20
Boss Fight
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 2-21
The first appearance of Omun Vash was in the very first chapter of KSBD!
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 2-22
NOT TO BE FUCKED WITH
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 2-23
"It's rare that devils have the patience to learn martial arts, but I wouldn't want to be one of the unlucky sods that runs into one that does." - Yag Vitro, Guild Boss
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 2-24
K I L L B O S S
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 2-25
And you thought there wouldn't be a training montage!
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 2-26
There's a reason most human martial artists don't train with angels, namely that it's well known you will spend every second feeling like a complete buffoon.
Kill Six Billion Demons » KING OF SWORDS 2-27
I will mention briefly you can play a character using any of the martial arts I've detailed here and in previous pages in the KSBD RPG and they work exactly as advertised
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 2-28
https://youtu.be/EqWRaAF6_WY?t=59
Kill Six Billion Demons » KING OF SWORDS 3-29
Spires is Throne's docks, taking in all manner of airships and void craft in enormous, never-ending waves
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 3-30
It took a long time to work out how White Chain smiles, I don't think it's actually happened in the comic before
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 2-31
These angels are 36 Will Not Give Ground to Sinners and 47 Sound of a Hammer Striking Steel 
Kill Six Billion Demons » KING OF SWORDS 3-32
We're back!
Kill Six Billion Demons » KING OF SWORDS 3-33
The inert bodies of angels often reside in the warding towers where they hold criminals. Sometimes, on long sojourns in the void, these bodies are left for years, guarded by human servants, other angels, and orders of Peregrine Knights. It is not uncommon for an angel to leave its body for hundreds of years, during which time an entire shrine, town, or temple complex might spring up around its immobile body, much to the angel's surprise on its return.
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 4-34
The unusual appearance of the walls might become apparent next page
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 4-35 (HOME)
Since only Nyave and Allison actually sleep, they get the actual bedrooms (one is around the back). Cio spends a lot of time cooking, White Chain patrols, and Princess mostly lurks in the armchair.
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Sword 4-36
Since Throne's sun is broken there is no differentiation between time of day unless you move into the sun or shade-side of the disc. This makes keeping a regular schedule somewhat difficult and can be troublesome for outworlders.
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 4-37
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JpNy6z5sz1M
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 4-38
Allison originally intended to create an apple, but she didn't really mind
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 4-39
Since the sun does not move in throne, the temperature depends on what side of the city you reside on. In Dusk, it's generally quite chilly.
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 4-40
"He was a coward by nature. An unparalleled master of sword law, who only knew how to kill and maim. An exceptionally poor swordsman." - Unknown
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 4-41
Ignition of the Heir
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 4-42
One drop of blood
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 4-43
Praxis
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 4-44
Solomon's Song
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 4-45
Zoss' sign is prominent in architecture in the central ring of throne (Sacred Spoke). It is though to either represent an actual key, or the holy concept of Division (a line splitting a circle)
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 5-46
Concordance
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 5-47
Gods of the New World
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 5-48
"He had a sword called Ruin, and when he struck it against its armor it made a noise like cold iron that meant death. Five Times Ten Thousand Men did he cleave during the tumult, and tempered his blade again from the iron in their blood. So was the God."
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 5-49
Ki Rata
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 5-50
Out—out are the lights—out all!   
   And, over each quivering form, 
The curtain, a funeral pall, 
   Comes down with the rush of a storm,   
While the angels, all pallid and wan,   
   Uprising, unveiling, affirm 
That the play is the tragedy, “Man,”   
   And its hero, the Conqueror Worm.
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 6-51
Ascension
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 6-52
"My student once asked me what should be done about my body when I was inevitably torn apart by my enemies. My answer was simple: feed it to the dogs outside the walls of the city. She was horrified, of course, and protested loudly. 'Alright then,' I said, 'Give me a stick to beat the dogs so they won't bother me'. 'But master,' said my idiot student, 'You will be insensate.''Well if I'm insensate then why do you give a flying fuck what happens to my corpse?' I said, settling the matter."
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 6-52
King of Swords
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 6-54
Student of the Principle Art of Cutting
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 6-55
Thanks for your patience!
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 6-56
The war of wars
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 6-57
Desecration
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 6-58
"It is said Sword Saint Meti had a great fondness for rats. Like dogs, they did not complain much, ate almost anything, and kept you warm at night."
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 6-59
They're back!
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 7-60
It took Allison a long time to make a full 52 card deck from scratch and even longer to explain that the human figures on the cards weren't actual kings and queens, much to white chain's consternation
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 7-61
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_B0CyOAO8y0
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 7-62
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjXBwfF0kGE
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 7-63
It's the Gog-Agog show! Featuring Gog-agog, and Gog-agog, starring Gog-agog, with Gog-agog and Gog-agog. Produced by Gog-Agog. Written and directed by Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog.  Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog. Gog-Agog.
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 7-64
There's a reason we used March of the Gladiators to introduce this section
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 7-65
Exeunt
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 7-66
Carrots, against all odds, grow in fully 9/10 of populated worlds and are edible among many species, making them extremely popular in Throne.
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 7-67
"Close examination of historical records does, in fact, reveal that Throne's streets in the Sanctum and Sacred Spoke districts were in fact at one point literally paved in gold. Since the second conquest and the end of the universal war, most of it has been scraped away, but stray bricks do show up here and occasionally find a good price as collectors items. I myself have found two or three from the stalls of dead fellows in the Ghost Market, though I do not recommend venturing to the Lower Shades in order to pursue such wares."
- Peroxes de Parcival
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 7-68
Safety
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 7-69
nice
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of swords 70-71 (PATH TO GLORY)
The Atru priests flock in droves to the Circle of Strength, writing charms and wards for attendees. They make a killing.
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 8-72
Blood sport generates an inordinate amount of paperwork
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 8-73
Thanks for your patience. I got married!
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 8-74
The Trigram Mantra - Wisdom, Restraint, Emptiness - is often dedicated to the legendary founder of all mortal fist arts, the goddess YS-Prim.
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 8-75
End Times
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 8-76
"Angels are very single minded beings. I once heard of an infamous thief who stole a song-jewel from the Palace of Night. He shook the angel that tried to track him down, sold the jewel, moved offworld, happily retired, had several children, and was relaxing in his hammock one day nearly thirty years later when the exact same angel strode up to him, cracked him in the jaw, and dragged him off to prison for theft. The angel was absolutely filthy with dust and mud, having been ceaselessly working to track him down every moment of every day that had passed since. I was told after the arrest it took thirty minutes to wash off for 'efficiency' reasons and then immediately returned to its patrol route."
-Payapop Pritram
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 8-77
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Redk0XEh8zM
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 8-78
Gog-Agog came to host the tournament when it was discovered she was devouring a third of the participants in an effort to win, because, to quote her directly "she felt left out". An unsuccessful attempt was made to purge her from Rayuba, after which an accord was reached.
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 8-79
Gog-Agog specifically asks for the confetti every year, it is one of her great victories
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 8-80
In eight pages this comic is going to be extremely lucky
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 8-81
The contest will be announced within a week, thanks for your patience! This one will take a little more setup than normal.
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 8-82
It's a three word mantra, Allison. It's really not hard to remember.
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 8-83
Allison has probably the most punch per page (ppp) ratio this book out of any of the other four
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 8-84
Contest announcement will be Wednesday!
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 8-85
Thanks for your patience with the contest. It's been a little more involved this time around so I've had to look for the time to set it up. Should be up by tomorrow evening! (8/21)
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 8-86
Allison's two opponents here are Sephara of Zae (S/C/A, heavyweight) and Butcher Karkin (C/S/S, super-heavyweight)
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 8-87
Fun fact, this is the first time Allison has seen Zaid since the very beginning of the comic
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 8-88
Really regret not putting Lucky Felicia on this page specifically
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 8-89
"Once a hand grips a sword, the palm tends to make lifelong friends with the hilt." - Au Vam
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-90
Evening in Rayuba lasts a scant hour or so, after which there is a night of exactly 8 hours, year round. Exactly.
Kill Six Billion Demons » KING OF SWORDS 9-91
The Great Outdoor Fight begins
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-92
The Herald of Violence
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-93
I've had a lot of fun designing dudes that will probably get exploded on the next page
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-94
Backup plan
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-95
Only a plan concocted by Allison could go this well
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-96
Aesma did not learn a single lesson until she was almost flayed by seeing the shape of the Wheel. Then she had learned one.
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-97 (FIRST MANTLE)
I essentially have always thought of the song Mouth of Kala by Gojira as Allison's theme song, the lyrics especially. If you go back and look at Allison from like page 10 or so to Allison now you will see she's undergone quite a journey.
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-98
Savior
Kill Six Billion Demons » KOS 9-99
This is secretly a throwback page
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-100
Automatically assume if Cio has any titles they are entirely self-bestowed
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-101
Always a big fan of dialogue scenes when I can draw them like this
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-102
"The most direct way possible a devil may feed, and the one that makes them the most vulnerable, therefore rarely used except when a devil is extremely powerful or extremely trusting. The latter circumstance is far less likely than the former, believe me." - Elemvy Guile, Night Mother Assassin
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-103 (ALLICIO)
Her alternate name, Cioson, just didn't have the same ring to it.
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-104
Gog Agog, Gog Agog, and Gog Agog are pretty impressed, as you can see, however Gog Agog has seen this act before during the war and is not amused
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-105
Destruction of the arena is an annual event at the Ring of Power
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-106
He's a little bit traditional
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-107
We're back! Thanks for your patience. New Zealand was full of birds and I love my wife.
Kill Six Billion Demons » KOS 9-108
Hubris
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-109
Top 10 anime betrayals
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-110
The technique here is Ovis' Palm - Ovis, the god of emptiness and void, is largely attributed as the founder of all martial arts, assuming that he actually existed (a furiously debated topic).
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-111
Blow for Blow
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-112
Krayu Mat roughly translates to 'Resplendent Soul Fist' in Astral, the old language of angels
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-113
ORA!
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-114
Ancient Weapon
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of swords 9-115
Debated whether to put a double tailed thought bubble here but realized that would be almost impossible to read
Kill Six Billion Demons » KOS 9-116
Hopefully the ladies will not have to work all their personal problems out through violent kung fu duels in the future
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-117 (Thirty Cubit Spear)
This might be a little excessive
Kill Six Billion Demons » KING OF SWORDS 9-118
Poor Gog Agog, Gog Agog, Gog Agog, and Gog Agog
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-119
"Never underestimate the cunning of angels. Don't get me wrong, they don't have more than an ounce of subtlety in their whole bleedin' body. But what they do have will knock you on your feet, mate."
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-120
"There's a reason I don't fight angels, mate. To them, you're just a heap of disorganized meat waiting for a barbecue." - Mars Pellatrix, Belligerent Knight
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-121
We're not quite done with this fight scene yet.
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-122
Pretty sure you know who this is at this point
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-123
Sorry it took Vigilant gaze two books to come to this realization but Angels do move a little slow
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-124
One side effect of the prayer for forgiveness is a rather long period in which an angel will do nothing but defend themselves. This is commonly held by many Throne criminals to be a grace period in which you may safely believe you can actually do something to an angel in close combat.
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-125
Only an angel can beat another angel
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-126
All he needed was a few moments
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-127
https://youtu.be/5_fsWBERU-s?t=7
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-128
Excellent way to end a tournament. If the tournament was ending, that is.
Kill Six Billion Demons » KING OF SWORDS 9-129
The rules are the rules!
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 9-130
It's been a while since we've heard a good Cio insult
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 10-131
Final Round
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 10-132
Thus begins the first public demonstration of Ki Rata in many years
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 10-133
"Every single warrior that comes to that gods-cursed ring thinks they have a chance at their drop of blood. The great tragedy is their inability to perceive that the long line of contenders has stretched not only over months, or years, but over many times the natural lifespans of wiser and saner men who have died old in their beds. What the Emperor wants to see in them, I don't dare to know. He will drink oceans of blood before he does."
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 10-134
お前はもう死んでいる
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 10-136 to 10-136 (KI RATA)
One drop of blood
Kill Six Billion Demons » KING OF SWORDS 10-137
The popular and ever relevant phrase 'All Cops are Bastards' can also be read ACAB which a friend of mine has jokingly read as 'Assigned Cop at Birth'. White Chain was quite literally Assigned Cop at Birth so I think we all have to cut her some slack here.
Kill Six Billion Demons » KING OF SWORDS 10-138
Gog futures always trade a little better than Agog which has led to accusation of insider trading by the Council for Agog against the Greater Gog Federation. Negotation between the two factions often ends in a failure as large portions of the delegates get distracted, crammed inside of tiny cars, or break out into pie fights.
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 10-139
"Never ask un' what dwells in darkness to describe the light to you, simple as that. Tis' about as useful as asking a fish to breathe air."
Kill Six Billion Demons » KING OF SWORDS 10-140
Incubus has very poor timing to show up right around the title drop part on in this book, though to be fair to him he probably wasn't aware this was a regular thing.
Kill Six Billion Demons » KING OF SWORDS 10-141
Only one more title drop to go in the whole series!
Kill Six Billion Demons » KING OF SWORDS 10-142
Dawn of the Final Day
Kill Six Billion Demons » KING OF SWORDS 10-143
Dawn
Kill Six Billion Demons » KING OF SWORDS 10-144
If you're going to kill someone publicly and violently there is no excuse for looking terrible
Kill Six Billion Demons » KING OF SWORDS 10-145
Solomon is typically suspiciously slightly better dressed than his opponents during these matches
Kill Six Billion Demons » KING OF SWORDS 10-146
There's a little progression with how White Chain has said the prayer each time in the comic. I hope this won't be the last time.
Kill Six Billion Demons » KING OF SWORDS 10-147
I've basically learned that you can put two, maybe three really good fights in a 150-175 page book so I guess this is one of them
Kill Six Billion Demons » KING OF SWORDS 10-148
Angels, despite their size and their armored shell being extremely heavy, can move incredibly quietly when they need to. This incredible agility was purportedly granted to them by the god Koss in order to better apprehend evildoers, but angels most often use it to try and not disturb people when walking up and down stairs and on wood floors.
Kill Six Billion Demons » KING OF SWORDS 10-149
In my head 10 Vigilant Gaze sounds a lot like Brian Blessed
Kill Six Billion Demons » KING OF SWORDS 10-150
This might actually be the second time White Chain has actually smiled in the comic.
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 10-151
this is part of solomon's 'serious series' 'serious punch' attacks coming up
Kill Six Billion Demons » KING OF SWORDS 10-152
Improvisation is not typically an angel tactic but White Chain's learned from the best
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 10-153
This technique was invented on the spot by White Chain and would rarely, if ever, be used again by any Angel
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 10-154
God King
Kill Six Billion Demons » KING OF SWORDS 10-155
The pressurized air from flicking a single finger using Ki Rata is enough to decapitate a man in the best of circumstances. Fortunately White Chain is made out of stone and smokeless fire so we hope she'll be alright.
Kill Six Billion Demons » KING OF SWORDS 10-156
don't worry guys i think she's got this
Kill Six Billion Demons » KING OF SWORDS 10-157
Fallen Angel
Kill Six Billion Demons » KING OF SWORDS 10-158
Did it start raining just so we could do a cool effect on these pages? Absolutely. 
Kill Six Billion Demons » KOS 159-162 (APOTHEOSIS)
Thanks for reading
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 10-163
The amount of wild speculation about this fight has been absolutely incredible
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 10-164
Gog Agog can be a lot smarter than she looks when she wants to. She has more brain cells than all the other demiurges by a couple million times over, she just usually only uses about three.
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 10-165
h o n k
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 10-166
We're almost at the end of this book!
Kill Six Billion Demons » KING OF SWORDS 10-167
KING OF SWORDS 10-167
Kill Six Billion Demons » KING OF SWORDS 10-168
"Solitude is a terrible burden, made worse by the fact that you must carry it alone." - Musko Reeve
Kill Six Billion Demons » KING OF SWORDS 10-169
the comic's over! wow we found him lads, good job. thanks for reading, this is definitely for sure the final page
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 10-170
In Cio's defense, coming from someone who taught it as a second language for years, English is in fact a horrible bastard language.
Kill Six Billion Demons » KING OF SWORDS 10-171
We're very close to through with this book, thanks for sticking with it so far!
Kill Six Billion Demons » King of Swords 10-172
> Pose as a team because shit got real
Kill Six Billion Demons » KING OF SWORDS 10-173
Alas, all good things must come to an end
Kill Six Billion Demons » KING OF SWORDS 174-177 (FINALE)
Dead Man's Reckoning
Kill Six Billion Demons » KILL SIX BILLION DEMONS: BREAKER OF INFINITIES
Thanks for reading! This is the final book, and I hope you enjoy it!
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 1-1
Thanks for reading this far! We have a wild ride ahead, please stick with me for the next sequence as I anticipate it's going to be a huge pain in the ass to draw.
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 1-2
Discordance of the Demiurges
Kill Six Billion Demons » Breaker of Infinities 1-3
Believe me, I didn't forget about Maya! She's just had a long journey
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 1-4
He's got one for everyone
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 1-5
The Red God has no mercy, but he has a lot of work to do and is very, very tired
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 1-6
"He had a sword called Ruin, that he hammered a thousand times a thousand times. And each time he hammered, he called out the name of his enemy, but the name of his enemy was a dreadful word and could not be spoken aloud without mortal peril. And thus his hammerstrokes covered the sound of that awful name and gave shelter to his supplicants."
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 1-7
I love when people think Solomon is going to bite it as if he can't just stunt on a dude and move 3000 miles an hour
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 1-8
BREAKER OF INFINITIES 1-8
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 1-9 to 1-10
One vs Six
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 1-11
Mammon cast Draco Meteor! 
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 1-12 to 1-14
it was not very effective!
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 1-15
Gog Agog really cannot catch a break, but it's alright. Jadis knows. There is always more Gog Agog. Always.
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 1-16
"Step one: Immutable form. The inner furnace must be fed with absolute certainty. The blood must become quicksilver, the flesh become crystallized and harder than the fingernails of God. Otherwise, you will not withstand the forces we are about to pour into you."
Kill Six Billion Demons » Breaker of Infinities 1-17
To be fair Allison was not armed with the best footwear for this extremely specific situation
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 1-18
Here is the true power of Allison using all of her brain cells
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 1-19
The comic will take a brief break until 12/28 while I work on other projects. Until then, please enjoy the ominous hand.
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 1-20
"Arum-Atum - perfect awareness. The Killing Eye. Every cell of the opponent's body becomes visible. The opponent's meridians may be severed with ease by striking the Seven Killing Points. Aya-yat! Such terrible design!"
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 1-21
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMj8GHp0QGs
Kill Six Billion Demons » Breaker of Infinities 1-22
Finally, Incubus can take a bath
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 1-23
I think this whole page sort of summarizes each of the demiurges pretty well
Kill Six Billion Demons » Breaker of Infinities 1-24
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6EcIXaHoeU
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 1-25
"In times of old the storm-crowned kings rode lightning, cloud, and gale/They smote the forest, burned the mount, laid fire upon the vale/No shelter and a man finds naught but death upon his path/Salted, flattened, scoured, and bled/The land was turned to ash."
Kill Six Billion Demons » Breaker of Infinities 1-26
Mammon's ability to breathe liquid metal is very popular at parties
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 1-27 to 1-28
We're sure he'll be fine
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 1-29
Gog finally made it off the spike, guys, she made it
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 1-30
Mottom only gets to bust this one out every few thousand years so she's understandably stoked
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 1-31
The practice sessions for this maneuver were pretty intense and jadis always showed up too early
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 1-32
Ah shucks guys, they got him, guess its over
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 1-33
Climax
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 1-34
"The heat of the Red God was such that only the most hardy of the knights Belligerent could stand to approach him. Their dubbing was a short and brutal affair, and they often came away horribly maimed." - Sable Eye Codex
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 1-35
Princess is extremely upset right now that she couldn't do something as flashy but doing a good job at not showing it.
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 1-36
Very happy for a while I no longer had to draw this design, but joke's on me, I am a fool
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 1-37 to 1-38
Man Catastrophically Owns Himself by Replacing Complicated Character Design with Even More Complicated Character Design
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 1-39
"The men of Od test stones against each other to find their hardness. We call them primitive, but when we do the same they call it warfare." - Meti Ten Ryo
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 1-40
Thanks for sticking with this big, ridiculous fight. It's been like 100+ pages of straight action scenes between this book and last so I hope you're ready for the finale of the big one.
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 1-41
NOW we're in the final part of this scene
Kill Six Billion Demons » BOI 2-42
"so long suckers! i rev up my ultimate attack and leave a huge cloud of dust, when it clears im lying completely dead on the pavement"
Kill Six Billion Demons » Breaker of Infinities 2-43
Aspected Chaos here using the forbidden and ancient technique of 'just talk'
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 2-44
Final Destination, no items
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 2-45
"The Red God is rumored to be a master of Aam'ya'ke or death poetry. Whether any extant examples of his work exist, I scarcely begin to speculate, let alone entertain the idea of seeking them out." - Musko Reeve
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 2-46
Ascension
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 2-47
Let us be done with the Work
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 2-48
Jagganoth taking a leaf out of Demonhead Mobster Kingpin's book here
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 49-50 (JAGGANOTH)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S8JVSKzDEHc
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 2-51
Maya's timing is not very good
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 2-52
Yenenman Mantle - The Five Hundred Arm Mantle, The Wheel Strength, The Door Crusher, The Blood Drinking Sword Soul
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 2-53
nah guys i think they got this one
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 2-54
BREAKER OF INFINITIES 2-54
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 2-55
BREAKER OF INFINITIES 2-55
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 2-56
BREAKER OF INFINITIES 2-56
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 2-58
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEsNDDwhSJ4
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 59-60 (WORLD OF GOG)
RIP Kentaro Miura
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 2-61
It only took a Very Big Clown for everyone to get their shit together
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 2-62 to 2-63
YISUN VRAMA PRESH
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 2-64
pretty sloppy of them to not notice that jagganoth had his combo breaker ready tbh
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITES 2-65 to 2-67
Everyone talks some hot shit until the cubit spears come out
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITES 2-68 to 2-70
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjzIBI3jkKY
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 2-71 to 2-72
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-iDkV1l4Bc
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 2-73
...
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 2-74 to 2-75
...
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 2-76 to 2-77
...
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 2-78 to 2-81 – BLOOD SATED SWORD SOUL
...
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 3-82 to 3-83
The Fall
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 3-84 to 3-86
"The Wheel Turning King is Supreme Lord of the world - the wheels of his chariot turn in all directions unobstructed. He has completed mastery of immortality and cultivated ultimate power, and risen above the laws of man and God. His Atum is burnished like adamantium and thirty thousand layers strong. Before him, even the mightiest earthly rulers may be flicked away like fleas."
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 3-87 to 3-89
Not Incubus' best day, let's be fair 
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 3-90 to 3-92
Running out of demiurges, might go to the shop to pick up a few
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITES 3-93
"A man who holds fear in his heart will never be safe, no matter how strong he makes himself. No matter how iron hard he makes his defenses, if left untouched his fear will spring forth and devour him from the inside at a moment's notice." - Au Vam
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 3-94 to 3-95
Solomon's No Good Very Bad Absolutely Awful Day
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 3-96 to 3-99
"Misery breeds desperation. Desperation breeds hate. With hate, a man can turn anything into a weapon, even his own broken body. This is the secret of the Life Cut." - Mars Pallatrix
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 100-102
"The thought alone that the elders of Ki Rata would invent such a style - meant to fight even divine beings - sends shivers down my spine. Who prepares for the gods coming back?" - Manual of Hands and Feet
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 3-103 to 3-105
pathetic
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITES 3-106-107 (TECHNIQUE OF RELIEF)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xhZYGuUGvUA
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITES 3-108 to 3-110
Words of the Pit King
Kill Six Billion Demons » Breaker of Infinities 3-111
...
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 3-112 to 3-113
...
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 3-114 to 3-116
...
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 3-117 to 3-119
...
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 3-120
BREAKER OF INFINITIES 3-120
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-121 to 4-122
BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-121 to 4-122
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-123
...
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-124
...
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-125
Rude awakening
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-126
... many times have we been here, Allison? How many times have you woken up, broken, in a foreign bed? The bed won't always be there, Allison. It's dark and cold, and the lake is silent. Your friends have gone home. Nobody is there anymore.
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-127
... here. It's calm here. The mirror reflects all pain. The Machine stands monumental. It was built over my family's seat of power. It's been hollowed out and filled with gentle repose. Rest, and be warm.
Kill Six Billion Demons » Breaker of Infinities 4-128
... where's the hearth I can call a home? Where are they waiting for me to come through the door and put the kettle on? Nowhere. Nowhere. Nowhere.
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-129
... its dark here. It's very busy, but you cannot see it. When activity reaches its apex, all that is left is a blackness so absolute that it blots out everything. When you see everything, there's only one color left.
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-130
.... left index finger twitches, slightly. Incredulous look. Annoyance and surprise. Straightens up, dawning realization.
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-131
...looks up, bites her lip subconsciously, trying to stifle something. Panic. Elevated heart rate. Neurotransmitters squirt back and forth. Little electrons bounce off one another. Chemicals.
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITES 4-132
... WHERE DO I FIT? WHERE'S THE LINES? I CAN'T EVEN SEE MY OWN MIND. I CAN'T-
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-133
-STOP.
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-134
NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING. 
Kill Six Billion Demons » KILL SIX BILLION DEMONS 4-135 (JADIS)
The Giant or the Ant? Which do you choose? Either way, they belong to the Worm.
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-136
NOTHING AT ALL
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-137 to 4-138
The Gate. The Path. The Light. The Door. The Candle burning to the floor.
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 139-140 (THE TOWER)
BREAKER OF INFINITIES 139-140 (THE TOWER)
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-141
THE SEPTAGRAMMATON
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-142
allison, i was not lying, there were plants in the atrium
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-143
Eggs. Bread. Ajash. Two butter rolls. Small soup. Bean cakes. Pickles. Honey. Curry and rice (vegetarian, mild). Coffee. Green plums.
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-144
BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-144
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-145
BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-145
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-146
local prophet destroyed by facts and logic
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-147
who would blame her, to be honest
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-148 to 4-149
The Weight
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-150 to 4-151
that terrible weight
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-152 to 4-153
I unfortunately spent a lot of time in hospitals earlier this year, I imagine it has influenced this arc quite a bit.
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-154 to 4-155
that awful, terrible weight
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-156 to 4-157
"Never underestimate the power of a man with two swords. He's not telling you with his choice of armament that he's a weakling and needs two weapons to beat you. He's telling you that he's going to have a great time with this. He's got a special sword just for you." - Mars Pallatrix
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-158
i bet if all of you put some music to this scene in your head it would sound exactly the same as mine
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-159 to 4-160
"Hansa's pipe was well weighted, carved from an ox bone, sturdy, and pleasant to the touch. It was a masterful piece of work but not ostentatious in the slightest. When Hansa smoked, which was often, he was pleased by the companionship of his pipe, which was a constant reminder of his inevitable and self-circular annihilation."
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-161 to 4-162
this entire comic is about how swords are super fucking cool but actually not very cool guys sorry
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-163 to 4-164
this is where the secret boss fight happens if you do all the side content
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-165 to 4-166
Getting close to the end of this book!
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-167 to 4-168
be free
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-169 to 4-170
the most unrealistic thing about this scene is that allison's pants have pockets
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-171 to 4-172
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qm4N4mzh--Y
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-173 to 4-174
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ieWv88hGdKs
Kill Six Billion Demons » BREAKER OF INFINITIES 4-175 (THE HEIR)
don't wear it out
